[TC-10548] SMIT and Seaco feedback (#102)
tradecloud/tradecloud-docs-api-v2: api/polling/README.md

#### Polling best practices

- Use a consistent polling interval (typically 5 minutes)
- Include the `lastUpdatedAt` timestamp from previous poll response as the `lastUpdatedAfter` filter.

>   - **Do not use the current time** (system clock) for `lastUpdatedAfter` – clock skew or availability issues can cause you to miss updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Do not use the system clock time** for `lastUpdatedAfter` – clock skew or availability issues can cause you to miss updates.
```

- Set `limit=100` (the maximum allowed value) to control response size.
- Handle pagination when needed:
  - If response contains `total` > 100, not all updates were returned.

>   - Either decrease the polling period (recommended) or use `offset` parameter for paging.

Reviewer: I remember I was doubting about this bullet before. I think we should advise both: support for pagination (just in case), and as a good practice: decrease polling period

#### Implementation tips

> - The `Z` timezone indicator must be persisted and sent with the next polling request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The timestamp has format `YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.SSSZ` (ISO 8601). Persist the full timestamp, including the  `Z` timezone indicator, and send it back with the next polling request.
```
